README.md, before:

# [archive](https://ig.ft.com/archive)

> Demo on how to refactor old non-responsive projects, including:

* [The Saudi royal family](https://ig.ft.com/saudi-arabia-royal-family-tree/) <small>[branch][saudibranch]</small>
* [The world's fastest elevators](https://ig.ft.com/worlds-fastest-lifts/) <small>[branch][elevatorsbranch]</small>

[![Build Status][circle-image]][circle-url] [![Dependency Status][devdeps-image]][devdeps-url]

## Usage:

This branch only contains a "dist" folder, which is version controlled.

The idea is if a project doesn't require any re-writing, you can just populate dist/
and be well on your way to getting it deployed in a sustainable fashion.

## Licence
This software is published by the Financial Times under the [MIT licence](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Please note the MIT licence includes only the software, and does not cover any FT content made available using the software, which is copyright &copy; The Financial Times Limited, all rights reserved. For more information about re-publishing FT content, please contact our [syndication department](http://syndication.ft.com/).

<!-- badge URLs -->
[circle-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/ft-interactive/archive
[circle-image]: https://circleci.com/gh/ft-interactive/archive/tree/master.svg?style=shield

[devdeps-url]: https://david-dm.org/ft-interactive/archive#info=devDependencies
[devdeps-image]: https://img.shields.io/david/dev/ft-interactive/archive.svg?style=flat-square

<!-- Link refs -->
[saudibranch]: https://github.com/ft-interactive/archive/tree/saudi
[elevatorsbranch]: https://github.com/ft-interactive/archive/tree/worlds-fastest-lifts

Commit message:

Add instructions for how to flatten a page

README.md, after:

# [archive](https://ig.ft.com/archive)

> Demo on how to refactor old non-responsive projects, including:

* [The Saudi royal family](https://ig.ft.com/saudi-arabia-royal-family-tree/) <small>[branch][saudibranch]</small>
* [The world's fastest elevators](https://ig.ft.com/worlds-fastest-lifts/) <small>[branch][elevatorsbranch]</small>

[![Build Status][circle-image]][circle-url] [![Dependency Status][devdeps-image]][devdeps-url]

## Usage:

This branch only contains a "dist" folder, which is version controlled. Place any files you want to deploy into this `dist` folder.

The idea is if a project doesn't require any re-writing, you can just populate dist/
and be well on your way to getting it deployed in a sustainable fashion.

## How to flatten a page:

Some people will use [httrack](https://www.httrack.com/).

You can also use `wget` (see below as an example for curling https://ig.ft.com/tech-race-to-a-trillion/). You can get `wget` using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```
wget --no-cache --recursive --page-requisites --adjust-extension --span-hosts --convert-links --domains ig.ft.com --no-parent https://ig.ft.com/tech-race-to-a-trillion/
```

## Licence
This software is published by the Financial Times under the [MIT licence](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Please note the MIT licence includes only the software, and does not cover any FT content made available using the software, which is copyright &copy; The Financial Times Limited, all rights reserved. For more information about re-publishing FT content, please contact our [syndication department](http://syndication.ft.com/).

<!-- badge URLs -->
[circle-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/ft-interactive/archive
[circle-image]: https://circleci.com/gh/ft-interactive/archive/tree/master.svg?style=shield

[devdeps-url]: https://david-dm.org/ft-interactive/archive#info=devDependencies
[devdeps-image]: https://img.shields.io/david/dev/ft-interactive/archive.svg?style=flat-square

<!-- Link refs -->
[saudibranch]: https://github.com/ft-interactive/archive/tree/saudi
[elevatorsbranch]: https://github.com/ft-interactive/archive/tree/worlds-fastest-lifts
